# ___Pokémon Citrite: A ROM hack of Pokémon Emerald___

__SPOILER ALERT: The repo’s Issues contain important plot and/or ending
details. _Stay out of there if you don’t want things spoiled!___

![Titlescreen](http://trinidad.cloud.securelateral.net/titlescreen.png)

_Pokémon Citrite is a completely new, never-before-seen Pokémon game. It’s
based in the Tohjo Region, north of Johto, and features Pokémon from Kanto,
Hoenn, Sinnoh, and Johto as well! It is an extensively hacked overhaul of the
original Pokémon Emerald version, featuring all-new graphics, stories, and
plenty of lovely ASMAGIX that you’ve probably never seen before. Ready for all
that? Let’s go!_

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# __PLEASE READ: Before you fork or open an issue/pull request…__

__These guidelines ensure that all visitors have a good experience browsing
Citrite’s code repository, issues list, and the wiki. It would behoove you to
skim through this short list so you know how things work around here.__

1. Please don’t open issues unless you have a problem or a specific feature to
   request or implement. Most issues opened by me are used with milestones to
   track the progress of your coveted releases! Others are not meant to open
   issues for things like maps, events, et cetera, so please don’t, I can
   handle that just fine. Thanks =)
2. Read the LICENSE before taking code from this repo! All instances of
   copyright theft will be brought to the attention of the website or local
   authorities.
3. If you’re planning on implementing something for Citrite, know that you will
   need to accept the terms of our license, detailed in the `LICENSE.md` file
   located in the root of the repository.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Frequently-asked Questions: a FAQ

Just to shave time, here’s a list of common questions, pre-answered. Enjoy =)

__Is this freeware/free software/open source/FOSS?__

Despite being public for your viewing pleasure, this hack as a whole is __not__
Free Software, and is __not open source!__ _That said,_ select parts of the
repository are Free Software. For details about your rights and restrictions,
please see the `LICENSE.md` file in the root of the repository.

__I want to see _X_ feature implemented, but I’m not an ASMAGICIAN. Can I open
an issue?__

You can, however there’s no guarantee that I’ll accept it into the schedule as
a feature to implement.

__I want to see _X_ feature implemented, and I have the skillz to pay the
billz. Can I implement it and open a pull request?__

You can, but whether it gets accepted into `master` is at my discretion. If I
like what you’ve done but want some things changed, I’ll either tell you or
do it myself depending on whether I’m preoccupied or not.

_Note:_ It may be wise to open an issue and see how that goes over before
taking the time to implement anything for the game.

__I have _X_ problem with your game. It’s a bug!__

Open an issue, and tag it with the `bug` label, and the label for the emulator
you were using, such as `tempgba` or `vba-m`. Provide details about what
happened, and what you were doing that you think caused the bug. Screenshots
are helpful too, and if you can replicate it, say so.
